[DCOS-57603] Release notes and docs for Kafka 2.7.0-2.3.0 (#2502)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/2.7.0-2.3.0/release-notes/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle:
excerpt: Release notes for 2.7.0-2.3.0
title: Release Notes
menuWeight: 5
model: /mesosphere/dcos/services/kafka/data.yml
render: mustache
---

## Version 2.7.0-2.3.0

### Updates
- Upgrade the base dcos-commons SDK version to `0.56.2`.
- Upgrade the base tech version of Apache Kafka to `2.3.0`. See Kafka's Release Notes for [2.3.0](https://www.apache.org/dist/kafka/2.3.0/RELEASE_NOTES.html) for details.
- Option to configure new listener config `max.connections` which limits the number of active connections on each listener.

### New Features

> - Added DSS Volume profile support for DC/OS Kafka service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for DC/OS Storage Service (DSS). See official [DSS docs](https://docs.d2iq.com/mesosphere/dcos/services/storage/1.0.0) for more details.
```

> - User can enable advanced service health checks. Option to choose between a simple port based check and an advanced producer-consumer check based on a custom heartbeat topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added better broker health checks. Users can now select between a simple port based check or an advanced producer-consumer check based on a custom heartbeat topic.
```
